Halli hello to him a little later than imagined
I want to give you an overview today
give about the news of p2 because
I see you have a lot of them
get sent and we do
now virtually our own p2 walls
and I'll show you switches and mine
opinion on the new products
we catch with the perfect face cried
in the prime loose powder
this is actually a relatively normal one
powder transparent hold relatively so
that you can spread that very well
So there's nothing special to say
Next we have the all in one
from fashion compact foundation and me
I must say that's not so good
fallen that was really very hard
I am well the compact foundation
but has very dry on the skin
seen so if you have oily skin
maybe it's something for you otherwise
even that neele new compact power
that was relatively relinquish what I liked
was that it had a seal that can
Do not see her here now
So there you have to look
I'm not that the foundation
Aunt of all the core products has me
actually this make up the best
liked it had one of the power
was not particularly high now but has
covered quite well and that was now
a color for me a little bit too
was dark but just look at
Definitely a highlight for me
the total madlib greens this is one
very great texture looks at first moment
not so dull as it is then
but afterwards is when you order
you notice almost nothing of it is it
a very light trainer and it holds
really very very long so very whole
great product
where I was very much looking forward to it
to try the primer base of p2
she looks like we are her
immediately applied on the hand like the
tk primer push there I have to
certainly test something further
because a first test was right
sobering you see the same if I
The eyeshadow swatch is on it
and in the eye shadow it is
of course, also different
Eyeshadow can not show one
version of the hype eyeshadow with a
I say wonderful 3d printing
then there is the ultra mattheis shadows
all shadows now have primer in vienna
in there I ask myself what is there for
then another base , too
really very very tired so not so
as with patrice that they are a bit like that
are more sides are also for math
eyeshadows are relatively unhappy
the new color from
I have to say that was what I thought
actually on and most exciting of
all eyeshadow yes normal
Eyeshadows are very clear to me
the highlight is the intense atis
price segments this in i believe
will be a total of six colors, the
really have a weird one
consistency as if pigments had themselves
I was very tired and very wet
have you now of all four
eyeshadow malt watches made below
you see the base and top without base and
You can see that you are not so good
like no difference as I said that
I have to test
I found the pigment right here
right at the front is best
Krombach okay was relatively flashing light yes
the mat is also okay but yes all
only the pigment really has me there
truly another convinced
lipgloss series are the ultimate vinyl
lip gloss
they are slightly shiny but now too
not so totally wrong
I thought only in this color
oh my god who wants to be such a
liver sausage on the lip but make as
I then applied it was even
very nice
it tends to be a bit
unevenly distributed
but measured by the price of the
this lip gloss has that is absolutely in
order
That's what it looked like, so it is
a very solid product really
I was surprised by the perfect duo
highlighter this is a pen where you
have a matte rosalie side and one
the slightly more shines the shiny one
I did not like her page
See that later I have that too
but applied to the eyelid
really nice is the matte side unfortunately
the camera hit this effect but me
had the following one
order the eyelashes mascara in the
applied angle and in real that is
so great out so great that you can from
the extreme volume lashes mascara
really do not say cause I have them
along with the sparkle star the now
the same descendants apply the
sparkling star actually has better
volume eyelashes made as these
this is a total fail sparkling star
should be small flitzer pigments in the
mascara have the packaging looks
beautiful from a bit is relative
normal but also there I can you already
say did not work at all
and here you see that with the
long eyelashes sparkle left there on the
eyelid I now have the highlighter
applied and just in the pen
Augenwinkel and I'll tell you this
you really have to see it coming
unfortunately not over here as well
just like with essence there is one and
Patrice can therefore be transparent
lipliner is really very practical
and I found the consistency here
i was really good as well
still testing the hai intense maxi
Lipstick I had first suspected that
that will be a kind felt pens
but they are just in one
Felt-tip shaped mold is poured
quite solid lipstick not quite
so covering but that is for many of
you also okay and I found this
Metallic finish what you have then
also really nice because we have
even the blood touch bursts also found that
I was quite solid it was a beautiful one
color also this office promise something
you have that kind of look
at the same swatch that came is already out
was also very nice to apply
not too little pigmented not too doll
So that's one absolutely every product
which I personally liked very much
but not quite as good as the
patrice illuminaten blanches me there
still liked much better and
then I had a nail polish off
the limmat series there you see the finish
I also found it very exciting yes
and here we have mine again
highlights that I think so too
I've heard something a little bit
Recommend you there and if you now
will not be up to date
I have you all down here again
news linked in this sense say
I'll just co euro until next time